5.1.3
-----

* Support building with dune 1.x and 2.x (#104)

* Bring back support for OCaml 4.03 for `zmq` and `zmq-lwt` (#101, #102)

5.1.2
-----
* Use unix sockets in tests to aoivd permission problems when running
  in a sandbox environment.

* Make monitor test more reliable by expleictly wait for each event to
  arrive.

5.1.1
-----

* Fix `EINVAL` when attempting to get the curve encryption keys (#85, #86, #91)

* Do not depend on `configurator` anymore (#96)

* Depend on v0.11 versions of Jane Street packages to not fail on `makedev`
  issue. This requires us to drop support for OCaml 4.03 (#93)

5.1.0
-----

* Implement `Msg.gets` (#87, #90)

* Improve support for OCaml 4.08+ (#83, #89)

* Properly allocate right size of caml block (#88)

* Update build config to use new dune syntax

* Remove configurator in favor of dune.configurator. This removes the build time
  dependency on the configurator and base packages.

5.0.0
-----

* Change build system to use jbuilder instead of oasis. This also adds proper
  support for pkg-config installed zmq.

* Import zmq-async and zmq-lwt. The old bindings async-zmq and lwt-zmq are now
  deprecated.

* Refactor zmq-async and zmq-lwt to be supported out of a single code base. This
  regularizes the interface, and dramatically improves and stability.

* Add support for and reading & writing bigarrays. This interfaces allows the
  user to reduce needless copying of packets sent by the bindings.

* Rename module ZMQ to Zmq.

4.0-8
-----

* Add threading example by Stavros Polymenis

* Minor addition to API documentation

* Remove OCaml version requirement in opam package (strictly not part of this
  release, but still)


4.0-7
-----

* Fixes compilation errors when compiling with 4.03 (and 4.04)

* Fixes a generic problem with deallocating resources though finalisers. As a
  result no resources are automatically released though finalisers. However a
  warning will be printed to stdout if resources are leaked

* Include oasis autogenerated files, removing the dependency on oasis when
  installing


4.0-5
-----

* The build system now also looks for ZMQ headers and libraries in `/usr/local`

4.0-4
-----

* Compatibility with ZeroMQ 4.1


4.0-3
-----

* Fixed error when GC collecting contexts freed by `ZMQ.Context.terminate`

* Fixed overflow bug in `get_bytes_option`


3.2-2
-----

* Remove `get_identity`/`set_identity` socket-type restrictions
